applications: connectivity_bridge: Enable BLE on thingy91x (#15578)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * AT command parsing to utilize the :ref:`at_cmd_custom_readme` library.

Connectivity Bridge
-------------------

* Updated:

>   * Made Bluetooth LE feature work for thingy91x by using the onboard Short Range RF Front End module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Made Bluetooth LE feature work for Thingy:91 X by using the onboard Short Range RF Front End module.
```

> * Updated:
> 
>   * Made Bluetooth LE feature work for thingy91x by using the onboard Short Range RF Front End module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the Bluetooth LE feature for Thingy:91 X using the onboard short-range :ref:`RF front-end modules <ug_radio_fem>`.
```
